[MOBILE-1590] Release 2.0.0 (#5)
urbanairship/react-native-gimbal-adapter: README.md

> # c

Reviewer: ??
```suggestion
# Airship React Native
```

Author: my command key is failing on my laptop. I probably tried to copy something

## Starting the adapter

> In order to start the adapter, you will need call `start` with the app's Gimbal API Key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to start the adapter, your app will need to call `start` with the app's Gimbal API Key:
```
